Nested Queries Updates (#25124)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/_index.md

There are four aggregators that can be applied when using space aggregation: _sum_, _min_, _max_, and _avg_. Using the above example, say that your hosts are spread across four regions: us-east-1, us-east-2, us-west-1, and us-west-2. The hosts in each region need to be combined using an aggregator function. Using the _max_ aggregator would result in the maximum latency experienced across hosts in each region, while the _avg_ aggregator would yield the average latency per region.

> Add an additional layer of aggregation on results of an existing query in time and/or space using nested queries in dashboards or via API. Learn more about nested queries [here][26].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add additional layers of aggregation on the results of existing queries in time and space with nested queries in dashboards or through the API. For more information, see the [Dashboard Querying][26] documentation.
```

There are four aggregators that can be applied when using space aggregation: _sum_, _min_, _max_, and _avg_. Using the above example, say that your hosts are spread across four regions: us-east-1, us-east-2, us-west-1, and us-west-2. The hosts in each region need to be combined using an aggregator function. Using the _max_ aggregator would result in the maximum latency experienced across hosts in each region, while the _avg_ aggregator would yield the average latency per region.

#### Nested Queries

> Add additional layers of aggregation on the results of existing queries in time and space with nested queries in the UI or via [API][27]. For more information, see the [Nested Queries][26] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add additional layers of aggregation on the results of existing queries in time and space with nested queries in the UI or through the [API][27]. For more information, see the [Nested Queries][26] documentation.
```
